# mx2md
Extract notes from Memorix Backup files (*.mxbk).

[Memorix](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=panama.android.notes) is a note-taking application for Android devices.

This script extracts notes from a backup generated by Memorix and saves them as Markdown files.
- Notes are sorted in subfolders matching the category assigned to them.
- Synced notes are tracked using a database, which allows for incremental syncs.
- Folders can be used as input: the script will use the most recent backup file inside the folder.

# Usage
```
python3 mx2md.py -i [input file or folder] -o [output folder]
```
| Option        | Description |
|:-------------:|:--------------|
| -i            | Specifies an input file or a folder containing Memorix Backup files (\*.mxbk). When a folder is specified, the most recent '\*.mxbk' file will be used. |
| -o            | Specifies the destination folder. A subfolder called Memorix will be created at the specified path. |
| -v            | Verbose output. |
| -h            | Prints help. |

# Example
This can be used to maintain a copy of your Memorix notes as Markdown files. One way to do use the script would be:
1. Setup Memorix to make periodic backups.
2. Sync those backups to a PC using a cloud provider like OneDrive or Google Drive.
3. On the computer, pass the folder containing the backups as input for mx2md.
4. Then execute mx2md periodically, outputting the Markdown files to a more permanent folder.

mx2md maintains a database in JSON to keep track of synced files. It will automatically detect notes that have been modified and overwrite them if they exist in the destination folder. The script also detects when notes are deleted from Memorix and will delete them at the destination, basically maintaining a local mirror. This is useful if you want your notes accessible inside other more capable note-taking apps like [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/), for example.

# Limitations
At the moment, mx2md can't do the following things:
- It's not possible to disable the deletion of notes that are not in the Memorix database (sync is always mirror), but the script will never modify or delete the Memorix backup file.
- It does not extract images from notes, only text.
- It does not extract notes stored in the Vault.
- It does not distinguish between archived notes or notes in the trash. Those will be extracted normally and placed alongside non trashed and non archived notes.
- It does not maintain information about reminders.

# License
mx2md is licensed under a 2-clause BSD license.
